com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/data/db/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.data.db.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.data.db.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/NoteItemBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.NoteItemBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/rxjava/ui/SimpleAPICallActivity.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.rxjava.ui.SimpleAPICallActivity
 com.example.kotlindemo.rxjava.ui.SimpleAPICallActivity$1
 com.example.kotlindemo.rxjava.ui.SimpleAPICallActivity$2
com/example/kotlindemo/alarm_manager/AlarmReceiver.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.alarm_manager.AlarmReceiver
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/module/AppModule_ProvideNoteDbFactory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.module.AppModule_ProvideNoteDbFactory
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/component/DaggerAppComponent.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerAppComponent
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerAppComponent$1
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerAppComponent$AppComponentImpl
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerAppComponent$Builder
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/data/AppDataManger_Factory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.data.AppDataManger_Factory
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/FragmentNoteAddBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.FragmentNoteAddBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityDataShowBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityDataShowBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityDataShowBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityDataShowBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityTwoApiCallBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityTwoApiCallBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityThirdBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityThirdBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityFirstBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityFirstBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/data/db/dao/NoteDao_Impl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.data.db.dao.NoteDao_Impl
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.data.db.dao.NoteDao_Impl$1
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.data.db.dao.NoteDao_Impl$2
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.data.db.dao.NoteDao_Impl$3
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityFirstBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityFirstBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/module/AppModule_ProvideDataMangerFactory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.module.AppModule_ProvideDataMangerFactory
com/example/kotlindemo/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.kotlindemo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.kotlindemo.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/NoteItemBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.NoteItemBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityNoteBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityNoteBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityNoteBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityNoteBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.BuildConfig
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/component/DaggerFragmentComponent.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerFragmentComponent
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerFragmentComponent$1
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerFragmentComponent$Builder
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerFragmentComponent$FragmentComponentImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/FragmentNoteListBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.FragmentNoteListBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/module/AppModule_ProvideSchedulerFactory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.module.AppModule_ProvideSchedulerFactory
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/FragmentNoteAddBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.FragmentNoteAddBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivitySecondBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivitySecondBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/workmanager/WorkManagerActivity.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.workmanager.WorkManagerActivity
 com.example.kotlindemo.workmanager.WorkManagerActivity$1
 com.example.kotlindemo.workmanager.WorkManagerActivity$2
 com.example.kotlindemo.workmanager.WorkManagerActivity$3
 com.example.kotlindemo.workmanager.WorkManagerActivity$4
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/component/DaggerActivityComponent.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerActivityComponent
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerActivityComponent$1
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerActivityComponent$ActivityComponentImpl
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.component.DaggerActivityComponent$Builder
com/example/kotlindemo/alarm_manager/AlarmActivity.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.alarm_manager.AlarmActivity
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/module/FragmentModule_ProvideLinearLayoutManagerFactory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.module.FragmentModule_ProvideLinearLayoutManagerFactory
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/module/AppModule_ProvideContextFactory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.module.AppModule_ProvideContextFactory
com/example/kotlindemo/BR.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.BR
com/example/kotlindemo/rxjava/ui/MultipleApiCallActivity.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.rxjava.ui.MultipleApiCallActivity
 com.example.kotlindemo.rxjava.ui.MultipleApiCallActivity$1
 com.example.kotlindemo.rxjava.ui.MultipleApiCallActivity$2
 com.example.kotlindemo.rxjava.ui.MultipleApiCallActivity$3
 com.example.kotlindemo.rxjava.ui.MultipleApiCallActivity$4
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/ui/base/BaseFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.ui.base.BaseFragment_MembersInjector
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityThirdBinding.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityThirdBinding
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivityTwoApiCallBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivityTwoApiCallBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/module/FragmentModule_ProvideNoteViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.module.FragmentModule_ProvideNoteViewModelFactory
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/module/AppModule_ProvideDbHelperFactory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.module.AppModule_ProvideDbHelperFactory
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/ActivitySecondBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.ActivitySecondBindingImpl
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/data/db/AppDbHelper_Factory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.data.db.AppDbHelper_Factory
com/example/kotlindemo/databinding/FragmentNoteListBindingImpl.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.databinding.FragmentNoteListBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/kotlindemo/workmanager/MyWorker.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.workmanager.MyWorker
com/example/kotlindemo/notes_app/di/module/ActivityModule_ProvideNoteViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.kotlindemo.notes_app.di.module.ActivityModule_ProvideNoteViewModelFactory
